README.md, before:

# Cyber_Nexus
A free website to guide the one who is interested in cyber security by providing materials for free.

# About
The project is a website that provides free cybersecurity courses to learners of all levels. 
The website will be designed to provide an accessible and comprehensive platform for individuals who may not have the 
financial means to enroll in traditional educational programs.

The website will offer a range of courses on different topics related to cybersecurity, including network security, 
cryptography, malware analysis, ethical hacking, and more.

The project aims to address the growing need for accessible and quality educational resources in the field of cybersecurity. 
By providing free courses, the website will help to reduce the financial barriers to accessing cybersecurity education and training. 
The project also aims to improve cybersecurity practices by empowering learners to develop the skills and knowledge needed to succeed in the cybersecurity industry.

# Note:-
This "Cyber_Nexus" website is in the prototype stage only so, there is no course contents are uploaded.

# Azure Services
I used two Azure services for this project
  1. Azure Web Apps
  2. Azure ChatBot Services

# Azure Web Apps
I uploaded all the code files which are related to this project in a "Azure Web Container" to deploy them and received a globally visible link for the website.
You can get that from the right side of this Readme.md file 👉.
Website Link :- https://cybernexus.z13.web.core.windows.net/

# Azure ChatBot Services
  * I used "Azure chatbot services" to deploy the chatbot into Cyber_nexus website. 
  * I programmed and trained the chatbot named 'cybernexus_bot' to communicate with the users to navigate inside the website and gives basic knowledge about what this website all about.
  * One can find this chatbot in the "Contact Us" page, right side of the address and social media links.
  * This chatbot will respond to the user

Commit message:

Updated README.md with Demo video link

README.md, after:

# Cyber_Nexus
A free website to guide the one who is interested in cyber security by providing materials for free.

# About
The project is a website that provides free cybersecurity courses to learners of all levels. 
The website will be designed to provide an accessible and comprehensive platform for individuals who may not have the 
financial means to enroll in traditional educational programs.

The website will offer a range of courses on different topics related to cybersecurity, including network security, 
cryptography, malware analysis, ethical hacking, and more.

The project aims to address the growing need for accessible and quality educational resources in the field of cybersecurity. 
By providing free courses, the website will help to reduce the financial barriers to accessing cybersecurity education and training. 
The project also aims to improve cybersecurity practices by empowering learners to develop the skills and knowledge needed to succeed in the cybersecurity industry.

# Note
This "Cyber_Nexus" website is in the prototype stage only so, there is no course contents are uploaded.

# Azure Services
I used two Azure services for this project
  1. Azure Web Apps
  2. Azure ChatBot Services

# Azure Web Apps
I uploaded all the code files which are related to this project in a "Azure Web Container" to deploy them and received a globally visible link for the website.
You can get that from the right side of this Readme.md file 👉.
Website Link :- https://cybernexus.z13.web.core.windows.net/

# Azure ChatBot Services
  * I used "Azure chatbot services" to deploy the chatbot into Cyber_nexus website. 
  * I programmed and trained the chatbot named 'cybernexus_bot' to communicate with the users to navigate inside the website and gives basic knowledge about what this website all about.
  * One can find this chatbot in the "Contact Us" page, right side of the address and social media links.
  * This chatbot will respond to the user
  
# Demo Video
Demo Video link :- https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tsKa7aDZr2R139VC0KBVAG5uYQVLEA-J/view?usp=sharing

# Help?
If the demo video link doesn't work, then try to open through the "Drive" instead of opening using the "web browser".
